README.md, before:

# Tau Station Career Task Tracker

This is a small tool to collect career task data from the [Tau Station
Sci-Fi browser-based MMORPG](https://taustation.space/).

## Purpose

A [game update in June 2019](https://blog.taustation.space/blog/update-changelog-2019-jun-25/) introduced [variable career task bonuses](https://blog.taustation.space/blog/a-guided-tour-up-the-career-ladder/).

It seems there is a baseline bonus (9 credits for the lowest-paying task of most careers), and an additional factor between 1 and 2 that varies by station and time. The variation is on the order of hours to days.

This repository provides tooling to automatically record career task bonuses
during normal game play, conforming to the [Tau Station Terms of Service](https://alpha.taustation.space/terms).

After an [initial setup](#setup), simply navigate to the [list of career tasks](https://alpha.taustation.space/career). A userscript automatically extracts data from this page and submits it to a central server.

The submitted data will be used to gain a better understanding of the career task bonus mechanics. Any general findings will be published in the [Tau Guide](https://tauguide.de/).


## Setup

As a user, you need to follow the following steps to submit data to the career task tracker:

* Install a browser extension that allows you to run userscripts, for example [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/).
* Request an access token from [moritz via in-game mail](https://alpha.taustation.space/email/write/moritz)
* Install the `career_task_tracker.user.js` userscript (TODO: add link)
* Navigate to [Preferences](https://alpha.taustation.space/preferences) and enter your access token under *UserScript: Career Task Tracker*.

After this setup, you'll automatically submit career task data when you
view the [list of career tasks](https://alpha.taustation.space/career).

## Development

TODO

Commit message:

more README
also add a script to automatically create a virtualenv

README.md, after:

# Tau Station Career Task Tracker

This is a small tool to collect career task data from the [Tau Station
Sci-Fi browser-based MMORPG](https://taustation.space/).

## Purpose

A [game update in June 2019](https://blog.taustation.space/blog/update-changelog-2019-jun-25/) introduced [variable career task bonuses](https://blog.taustation.space/blog/a-guided-tour-up-the-career-ladder/).

It seems there is a baseline bonus (9 credits for the lowest-paying task of most careers), and an additional factor between 1 and 2 that varies by station and time. The variation is on the order of hours to days.

This repository provides tooling to automatically record career task bonuses
during normal game play, conforming to the [Tau Station Terms of Service](https://alpha.taustation.space/terms).

After an [initial setup](#setup), simply navigate to the [list of career tasks](https://alpha.taustation.space/career). A userscript automatically extracts data from this page and submits it to a central server.

The submitted data will be used to gain a better understanding of the career task bonus mechanics. Any general findings will be published in the [Tau Guide](https://tauguide.de/).


## Setup

As a user, you need to follow the following steps to submit data to the career task tracker:

* Install a browser extension that allows you to run userscripts, for example [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/).
* Request an access token from [moritz via in-game mail](https://alpha.taustation.space/email/write/moritz)
* Install the `career_task_tracker.user.js` userscript (TODO: add link)
* Navigate to [Preferences](https://alpha.taustation.space/preferences) and enter your access token under *UserScript: Career Task Tracker*.

After this setup, you'll automatically submit career task data when you
view the [list of career tasks](https://alpha.taustation.space/career).

## Development

The server component of the career task tracker is a Python 3.6+ application
built on Flask and the SQLAlchemy ORM.

To create a development environment, you need to have Python 3.6
available, and the `virtualenv` package. Execute the command

    $ ./setup-venv.sh

(once) followed by `source venv/bin/activate` (each time you open a new shell/terminal window). To exit the development environment, use the `deactivate` command.

You can then start the application in development mode with the commands

    $ python createuser.py testuser
    $ python -m ctt

The development server uses an sqlite database in `/tmp/test.db`,
and starts on localhost port 5000.
